Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in this lecture to start reading the functionality for our sign off page.
Okay.
Now to do this, I wanna go to five Rosetta controllers for the is there going to be created the functionalities
for our have.
So over this controllers for the to create a new FI and I'm going to call this fi or underscore controller.
Thought that.
Right.
That is for the authentication.
Okay.
Now, what we can do over here, going to create a class I going to call this, but.
Control as well.
Okay.
Now, what's he going to do next?
They're going to say a stance.
Get as.
Get his controller.
So by doing this, Geddes is going to have control over the UI.
Okay.
Great.
I think we.
Okay, great.
Now, before I go further, what I'm going to do, we are going to initialize Firebase like saying we
want to call Firebase or start of the Fab Bayes NJ before we start using our hub.
Okay, so we are going to go to the main dot dot fi.
Okay.
Now when is control B to make this slider?
Now, over here, I'm going to make this async because you are going to be using the waits to wait for
firebase.
So now what I'm going to do first I want to say widget.
We get.
What are.
Binding dot is sure initialized.
Okay.
Now I will wait for the player base.
So now we are going to say I wait.
Firebase.
That's.
With.
Five these.
That is sure in the initialize.
Okay.
Now what you're going to see doing this, you're going to see a dot then.
So you're going to say Todd then is going to use this London auction auditorium.
So now I'm going to get that.
Okay.
First of all, we're going to use control and not.
In part parties get scared or that we have access to all the get property so that once it gets pulled.
Okay.
Now we are going to pass that controller.
So by doing this, I will have access to that OTS controllers or controller class in all the routes.
Okay, great.
Not insisting that we are going to do is that all of this material is going to be.
Gets my Syria up gets.
I think.
Let's see.
Okay.
Good.
Now our hearts.
We start this.
They're going to go to that summit.
I think they're going to see.
We just created that.
The bloke also.
Okay.
I'm just going to wait for it to restart.
Okay, great.
You can see the odds control has been created out of control as we initialize get what's up as we've
created get what Syria has been initialized.
Okay great.
Now we can start working on the functionality for users.
Of the of our users are going to sign up.
Right.
Okay.
So over here.
So the regulars have created the functionality for our sign up page, sending this picture.
They're going to start that.
Okay, guys, see you in the next.